h1. Fish nuggets

The fish nuggets project contains various completions and functions for the amazing "Fish shell":http://www.fish-shell.org.

h2. Git features

* Provides completion for git commands (eg. git ch<tab> completes for you)
* Provides completion of branch names for git branch

h2. Rake features

Completion of rake tasks with task description. The first time you type rake <tab> we will create a file containing the rake tasks in /tmp giving you tab completion of rake tasks. This supports several Rakefile locations, so you can use it for different projects.

h2. Capistrano features

Like Rake, lets you use tab completion for Capistrano tasks.

h2. Rubygems features

* edit_gem with tab completion for gem name lets you view the source for installed gems
* gem_doc with tab completion for gem name lets you view Rdoc for installed gems

h2.  Installation
<pre><code>  cd ~/.config/fish
  git init 
  git add .
  git remote add github git://github.com/zmalltalker/fish-nuggets.git
  git pull github master
</code></pre>


Go into ~/.config/fish and add this repository, then pull. This will add the scripts in this projects for you to use.

h2. Customization

Since this repository is intended to replace your ~/.config/fish directory, you should keep your local customizations local - since they are probably of little use to other users.

The package provides some files you may customize:

* ~/.config/fish/(username).fish: Here you can place custom settings for your current user. This file will be loaded when you start fish
* ~/.config/fish/(machine name).fish: If you use the same repository on several machines, you may place custom settings for each machine in this file. For instance, if you have two machines: foo and bar, foo.fish will be loaded on foo and bar.fish on bar. 
* ~/.config/fish/(platform).fish: This file is version controlled and keeps platform specific functions. Feel free to contribute functions for your favorite OS here

If you contribute custom functions that you wish to share, please verify that these are not loaded on platforms that don't support them. 
